Clean up err codes (#68176)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0191.md

> A trait object's associated type wasn't specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An associated type wasn't specified for a trait object
```

                  //        the trait `Trait`) must be specified
```

> Trait objects need to have all associated types specified. Please verify you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trait objects need to have all associated types specified. Please verify that 
```

> specified all associated types of the trait and that you used the right trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all associated types of the trait were specified and the correct trait was used.
```
